chore: update test iac (#223)
defenseunicorns/uds-runtime: .github/test-infra/README.md

> # Runtime Ephemeral Infrastructure

Reviewer: appreciate the docs! thoughts on moving it into just the docs folder vs in here?

Reviewer 2: I can def see why moving it to `docs` makes sense today, but in the future the `docs` folder will likely become the markdown for the docs website. These docs are more dev-focused as opposed to "public-facing" so IMO they make sense closer to the code they're documenting

Author: i agree with @UncleGedd but I think what you're bringing up @decleaver is a legit ask because it will increase visibility / findability. Maybe a good way to handle this is to mention these docs in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` so that devs can have an easier time finding them.

Reviewer: sounds good, yeah my big thing was just making it easy to find/know it exists. You are able to create a subfolder under docs and that doesn't get pulled into the website if we decide in the future to go that route.

The UDS Runtime IAC is used by the [nightly-infra workflow](../workflows/nightly-infra.yaml), via [uds tasks](./tasks/infra.yaml), to destroy and create ephemeral testing clusters, using the latest `nightly-unstable` image of UDS Runtime.

## How it Works

> When the nightly workflow kicks off, it will `init` using the backend variables defined in the workflow to then destroy the currently running ec2 instance and cluster. After removing the old instance, it will create a new ec2 instance in the UDS CI AWS account, that on startup will do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the nightly workflow kicks off, it will `tofu init` using the backend variables defined in the workflow, then destroy the currently running EC2 instance and related infra. After removing the old infra, it will create a new EC2 instance in the UDS CI AWS account, that on startup will do the following:
```

1. clone the [uds-k3d](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-k3d) repo, setting `nginx.conf` to redirect for the `.burning.boats` domain
1. run the default task of `uds-k3d`, creating the k3d cluster on the instance
1. setup the `kubecontext` to be used by `uds`
1. pull the `.burning.boats` tls cert and key from secrets manager
1. deploy the `init` and `UDS Core` packages
1. deploy the `UDS Runtime` package

## Custom AMI

> The ec2 instance is created with a custom AMI. We use `packer` to define the AMI in [runtime.pkr.hcl](./packer/runtime.pkr.hcl) and build / push it to our AWS accounts.

Reviewer 2: Can you specifically mention the command used to build/push? I think it's just `packer build runtime.pkr.hcl` (this keeps me from grepping my cmd history)
